1335751351
AddDeviseToUsers	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429171718_add_devise_to_users.rb	class AddDeviseToUsers 
Application	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CategoriesController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	class CategoriesController 
CategoriesControllerTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/functional/categories_controller_test.rb	class CategoriesControllerTest 
CategoriesHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/categories_helper.rb	module CategoriesHelper
CategoriesHelperTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/helpers/categories_helper_test.rb	class CategoriesHelperTest 
Category	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/models/category.rb	class Category 
CategoryTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/category_test.rb	class CategoryTest 
Comment	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/models/comment.rb	class Comment 
CommentTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/comment_test.rb	class CommentTest 
CommentsController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	class CommentsController 
CommentsControllerTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/functional/comments_controller_test.rb	class CommentsControllerTest 
CommentsHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/comments_helper.rb	module CommentsHelper
CommentsHelperTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/helpers/comments_helper_test.rb	class CommentsHelperTest 
CreateCategories	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429031958_create_categories.rb	class CreateCategories 
CreateComments	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032924_create_comments.rb	class CreateComments 
CreatePosts	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032703_create_posts.rb	class CreatePosts 
CreateSubcategories	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032043_create_subcategories.rb	class CreateSubcategories 
CreateUsers	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032120_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Post	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/models/post.rb	class Post 
PostTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/post_test.rb	class PostTest 
PostsController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	class PostsController 
PostsControllerTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/functional/posts_controller_test.rb	class PostsControllerTest 
PostsHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	module PostsHelper
PostsHelperTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/helpers/posts_helper_test.rb	class PostsHelperTest 
SubcategoriesController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	class SubcategoriesController 
SubcategoriesControllerTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/functional/subcategories_controller_test.rb	class SubcategoriesControllerTest 
SubcategoriesHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/subcategories_helper.rb	module SubcategoriesHelper
SubcategoriesHelperTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/helpers/subcategories_helper_test.rb	class SubcategoriesHelperTest 
Subcategory	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/models/subcategory.rb	class Subcategory 
SubcategoryTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/subcategory_test.rb	class SubcategoryTest 
TestCase	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
Walk	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/config/application.rb	module Walk
change	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032924_create_comments.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032703_create_posts.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032043_create_subcategories.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429031958_create_categories.rb	  def change
change	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429032120_create_users.rb	  def change
create	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429171718_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def edit
index	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def new
show	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/db/migrate/20120429171718_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.up
update	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Users/Jen/WalkMagazine/app/controllers/subcategories_controller.rb	  def update
